Add table for OTLP/HTTP response code and client retry recommendation (#3028)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/protocol/otlp.md

The server MAY include `Status.details` field with additional details. Read
below about what this field can contain in each specific failure case.

The server SHOULD use HTTP response status codes to indicate
retryable and not-retryable errors for a particular erroneous situation. The

> client SHOULD honour HTTP response status codes as retryable or not-retryable,
> status codes listed in following table are retryable and the other `4xx` or
> `5xx` status codes are not retryable.

Reviewer: Let's make this normative.

```suggestion
client SHOULD honour HTTP response status codes as retryable or not-retryable.
The requests that receive a response status code listed in following table SHOULD be retried.
All other `4xx` or `5xx` response status codes MUST NOT be retried.
```

> |HTTP response status code|Retryable?|

Reviewer: Not sure the `Retryable` column is needed anymore.

Author: Given above already states there are retryable codes, I think it's not needed. Had removed it.

The server MAY include `Status.details` field with additional details. Read
below about what this field can contain in each specific failure case.

> The server is recommended to use HTTP response status codes to indicate

Author: Thanks for review.

retryable and not-retryable errors for a particular erroneous situation. The
client SHOULD honour HTTP response status codes as retryable or not-retryable
according to the following table:

|HTTP response status code|Retryable?|
|---------|----------|
|400 Bad Request|No|
|401 Unauthorized|No|
|402 Payment Required|No|
|403 Forbidden|No|
|404 Not Found|No|
|405 Method Not Allowed|No|
|413 Payload Too Large|No|
|414 URI Too Long|No|
|429 Too Many Requests|Yes|
|431 Request Header Fields Too Large|No|
|502 Bad Gateway|Yes|
|503 Service Unavailable|Yes|

> |504 Gateway Timeout|Yes|

Reviewer: This is not a complete list of status codes in the 400-599 range. By omitting status codes in the range here it adds ambiguity to the specification.

Instead, why not list the status codes in the range that can be retried and for the remaining give a general statement that they are not retryable?

Author: good point. updated.

Reviewer 2: @MrAlias Does this look good to you know?
